Mesh_3: Specific domain for Poisson reconstruction (#8771)
CGAL/cgal: Poisson_surface_reconstruction_3/doc/Poisson_surface_reconstruction_3/Poisson_surface_reconstruction_3.txt

takes as input point sets with oriented normals and computes an
implicit function. We assume that the input points contain no outliers
and little noise. The output surface mesh is generated by extracting

> an isosurface of this function with the \ref Chapter_3D_Mesh_Generation or \cgal Surface Mesh Generator

Author: So you just want me to remove the reference to Surface_mesher as it is deprecated?

The computed implicit functions can be iso-contoured to reconstruct a
surface by using the \ref PkgMesh3 :

> `make_mesh_3()` with the `surface_only()` parameter for using parallel Mesh_3

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`make_mesh_3()` with the `surface_only()` parameter to only mesh the surface
```

> The parameter `Tag` affects the behavior of `make_mesh_3()`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following `Tag` parameters affect the behavior of `make_mesh_3()`:
```

The computed implicit functions can be iso-contoured to reconstruct a
surface by using the \ref Chapter_3D_Mesh_Generation or the \cgal surface mesh generator
\cgalCite{cgal:ry-gsddrm-06} \cgalCite{cgal:bo-pgsms-05} :

`make_mesh_3()` for using parallel Mesh_3

`make_surface_mesh()` of using the deprecated 3D Surface Mesh Generation

> The parameter `Tag` affects the behavior of `make_surface_mesh()`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The parameter `Tag` affects the behavior of `make_mesh_3()`:
```

Reviewer: There's another make_surface_mesh to remove in Section 6.3

<TR><TD ALIGN=LEFT NOWRAP COLSPAN=2><HR>
<TR>
<TD class="math" ALIGN=CENTER NOWRAP>
Number of points (x1000)
<TD class="math" ALIGN=CENTER NOWRAP>
Poisson solve duration (in s)
<TR><TD ALIGN=LEFT NOWRAP COLSPAN=2><HR>
<TR>
<TD class="math" ALIGN=CENTER NOWRAP>

> 30

Reviewer: I'd center all these tables
